Functions of a Stock Market A stock market primarily serves the following main functions: Fair Dealing in Securities Transactions Depending on the standard rules of supply and demand, the stock exchange needs to ensure that all interested market participants have instant access to data for all buy and sell orders, thereby helping in the fair and transparent pricing of securities. Additionally, it should also perform efficient matching of appropriate buy and sell orders.4 For example, there may be three buyers who have placed orders for buying Microsoft shares at $100, $105, and $110, and there may be four sellers who are willing to sell Microsoft shares at $110, $112, $115, and $120. The exchange (through automated trading systems) needs to ensure that the best buy and the best sell are matched, which in this case is at $110 for the given quantity of trade Efficient Price Discovery Stock markets need to support an efficient mechanism for price discovery, which refers to the act of deciding the proper price of a security and is usually performed by assessing market supply and demand and other factors associated with the transactions Let’s say a U.S.-based software company is trading at a price of $100 and has a market capitalization of $5 billion A news item comes in that the European Union (EU) regulator has imposed a $2 billion fine on the company, which essentially means that 40% of the company’s value may be wiped out While the stock market may have imposed a trading price range of $90 and $110 on the company’s share price, it should efficiently change the permissible trading price limit to accommodate for the possible changes in the share price, or else shareholders may struggle to trade at a fair price Liquidity Maintenance While getting the number of buyers and sellers for a particular financial security are out of control for the stock market, it needs to ensure that whoever is qualified and willing to trade gets instant access to place orders that should get executed at a fair price.is a boy who lives in the town of Shiganshina, located on the outermost of three circular walls protecting their inhabitants from Titans.In the year 845, the first wall (Wall Maria) is breached by two new types of Titans, the Colossal Titan and the Armored Titan During the incident, Eren's mother is eaten by a Smiling Titan while Eren escapes He swears revenge on all Titans and enlists in the military along with his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and his best friend Armin Arlert Five years after Shiganshina's fall, the Colossal Titan attacks the city of Trost, located on the second innermost wall He swears revenge on all Titans and enlists in the military along with his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and his best friend Armin Arlert Five years after Shiganshina's fall, the Colossal Titan attacks the city of Trost, located on the second innermost wall.During an expedition into the forest between the walls, Eren and his companions encounter a sentient Female Titan, whom they later expose as their fellow military comrade Annie Leonhart. With help from his friends, Eren fights and defeats Annie, who encases herself in crystal and is put in custody. After the fight, it is discovered that there are Titans lying dormant within the walls (known as Wall Titans). Shortly thereafter, Pure Titans mysteriously appear within Wall Rose with no evidence of how they got in, accompanied by the sentient Beast Titan. Ymir, one of the new Survey Corps graduates, reveals that she can also transform into the sentient Jaw Titan, while Ymir's close friend Krista Lenz reveals herself as Historia Reiss, a member of the royal family. Two other members of the Survey Corps, Reiner Braun and Bertholt Hoover, reveal themselves as the Armored and Colossal Titan respectively. They attempt to kidnap Eren and Ymir, but fail. In the ensuing battle, Eren discovers another power within himself called "the Coordinate", that allows him to control other Titans, which he uses to kill the Smiling Titan and send a horde of Pure Titans to attack Reiner and Bertholt. This forces the two to escape, whereupon Ymir willingly flees with them, offering herself as sacrifice to prevent Historia from being targeted by the enemy. In the aftermath of these events, it is determined that the Pure Titans who suddenly appeared within Wall Rose were the inhabitants of various villages within Wall Rose, who had in some way been transformed into Titans. This leads the characters to the conclusion that all Pure Titans are, in fact, transformed human beings.

Eren and his friends join Levi Squad while the Survey Corps is targeted by the Military Police led by Kenny Ackerman, Levi's uncle. In the occasion, they discover that by transforming into a Pure Titan via a serum made of spinal fluid and eating another Titan shifter, a person can gain its abilities, and that Historia and her father, Rod Reiss, are the only surviving members of the royal bloodline. Rod kidnaps Eren because he is in possession of the Founding Titan, obtained by his father Grisha upon eating Frieda Reiss (Historia's half-sister), and by Eren through eating his father. Rod transforms into a monstrous Abnormal Titan, but is killed by Historia (with the help of the Survey Corps), who is thereafter declared Queen.

Having resolved the political unrest, the Survey Corps lead a successful operation to recapture Shiganshina, fighting the Beast, Colossal, Armored, and Cart Titans but suffering massive casualties, wherein Erwin dies in a suicide run against the Beast Titan, and Armin gains ownership of the Colossal Titan when Levi injects him with a serum given by Kenny, causing Armin to eat Bertholt. Eren and his companions return to his childhood home, where they discover the truth of their world: they are actually Eldians, sworn enemies of the conquering Marleyans who were enclosed within the walls after the original King Karl Fritz fled from the war. They are not the last humans as they were told, but rather an enclosed sect of Eldians on an isolated island called Paradis. Because they are "Subjects of Ymir" who can be turned into Titans by being injected with Titan spinal fluid, the Eldians continue to be oppressed by Marley. In the year after the battle of Shiganshina, the Survey Corps kill all of the remaining Pure Titans on the island.


A map of the world of Attack on Titan, which resembles our own world flipped over the x-axis.
Three years later, the Survey Corps attack Marley's capital, Liberio, orchestrated by Eren and his half-brother Zeke, who is the owner of the Beast Titan. In the occasion, Eren kills Willy Tybur, an Eldian who (along with his family) had been controlling Marley from the shadows and gains ownership of the War Hammer Titan after eating its previous owner, Willy's sister Lara. However, Eren is imprisoned for acting against orders but escapes with a faction of extremist Paradis soldiers called the Yeagerists. Zeke is kept in Levi's custody but manages to escape, severely injuring but not killing him.

Marley's air fleet, led by Reiner, launch an invasion of Paradis, and chaos breaks out in the ensuing battle. Eren and Zeke reunite, which leads them to the Paths—a series of gateways connecting all Eldians through time and space. There, they meet the consciousness of Ymir Fritz—the original Titan—whose tortured past led to her imprisonment within the Paths for thousands of years. Zeke attempts to convince Ymir to fulfill his wish to stop the Subjects of Ymir from reproducing via mass sterilization.[a] Instead, however, Eren convinces Ymir to use her power to bring about the Rumbling—unleashing thousands of Wall Titans kept within Paradis' walls and leading them on a genocidal march to kill everyone outside the island.

The Survey Corps ally with remaining Marley forces, including Reiner and a now-freed Annie to stop Eren, and they defeat the Yeagerists before confronting Eren. After Levi kills Zeke and a mysterious creature that is the source of all Titans' powers, Mikasa kills Eren, causing the power of the Titans vanish, reverting all Titans to human form, and stripping the Titan Shifters of their powers, thereby freeing all Eldians from the curse. It is revealed that what transpired was part of Eren's plan to spare twenty percent of humanity, with Armin, Levi, Mikasa, and the others being recognized as heroes in the eyes of the world for killing him and stopping the Rumbling.

Three years later, as Paradis and the rest of the world rebuilds, Armin and his allies begin peace negotiations led by Queen Historia. Mikasa buries Eren underneath a tree on a hill near Shiganshina District, which grows into a tree resembling the one where the organism that granted Ymir her Titan power lived. An unspecified amount of time after Mikasa's death from old age, a modernized Shiganshina is reduced to rubble in a war. The series ends with a boy bearing a striking resemblance to Mikasa approaching the tree, which has become surrounded by forest, indicating that the Titans may come back again.

Production
Hajime Isayama created a 65-page one-shot version of Attack on Titan in 2006.[5] Originally, he also offered his work to the Weekly Shōnen Jump department at Shueisha, where he was advised to modify his style and story to be more suitable for Jump. He declined and instead decided to take it to the Weekly Shōnen Magazine department at Kodansha.[6] Before serialization began in 2009, he had already thought of ideas for twists, although they are fleshed out as the series progresses. The author initially based the scenery in the manga on that of his hometown of Hita, Ōita, which is surrounded by mountains.[7]

While working at an internet cafe, Isayama encountered a drunken customer who grabbed him by the collar. It was this incident that showed him "the fear of meeting a person I can't communicate with", which is the feeling that he conveys through the Titans.[8] When designing the appearances of the Titans, he uses several models such as martial artist Yushin Okami for Eren Yeager's Titan form[9] as well as Brock Lesnar for the Armored Titan.[10] George Wada, the anime's producer, stated that the "Wall of Fear" was influenced by the isolated and enclosed nature of Japanese culture.[11] He also said that the inner feelings of every individual is one of the series' main themes.[11] Isayama later would confirm that Attack on Titan was inspired in part by Muv-Luv Alternative, the second visual novel in the Muv-Luv visual novel series.[12]

Isayama estimated his basic monthly timeline as one week to storyboard and three weeks to actually draw the chapter. The story was planned out in advance, even marking down in which collected volumes a specific "truth" would be revealed.[9] In September 2013, he stated that he was aiming to end the series in 20 collected volumes.[13] Originally, Isayama planned to give the series a tragic conclusion similar to that of the film adaptation of Stephen King's The Mist, where every character dies. However, positive response to the manga and anime caused the author to consider changing the ending due to the impact it